If [Else] Return;      [necessary glitch]


I like us. cute and nearly impossible. against all the attempts of hardwire and algorithmic will, oceans, planes, documents, we meet in this electric city. & I find you, specifically, I find your sleeves rolled up to a perfect 90 degrees. your arms. specifically, your veins. cut from whatever architect made trees or lungs. your tattoo says queer futures with an accidental star of david. somewhere, under your tattoos a divine miscalculation turned geometric. an accidental shape was born, as unplanned as the solar system. in less than a microsecond the sliver of space where We became Real opened       up. a bloomed zoom conception - an expected miracle, or maybe a matrix glitch. the same one that made an atom effortlessly move a whole globe and here we are. born                     glitches. babies of forgotten code. the trans bodies        empires left behind because we didn’t come from a particular place at all. what pulls me to you seems to have happened under you. your records. the encyclopedia in your spine. whatever lifetime lives beneath your breath.        the random recesses between all that we could be, are, is, weeps, rests:     its tired grammar      space. programmed to be divinely in   correct, and endlessly rebirthing. I ask you to sleep. sleep, my love. dream, dream my love. our nervous system processing being here among all old terror begging for this love’s eradication. among all violent interference the golden glamor of this mathematic      gap between our two bodies soars beyond all systemic attempts to keep us dead-locked. getting closer and closer together, to the g o l d e n, I, only fearing the       ease of it all, relieve my own terror         from my back into your hands. so much so, I do not have to calculate in which position my body is most heavenly. I no longer      fuck on petri dishes. or memorize what I want to say for ratios to      grow at a socially acceptable pace.  the wet space between us exhales   accidentally   beautifully  defiant        I let go of all the spreadsheets, defences, and watch whatever super chemical reaction unfolds, as natural as trans life itself.      dear god god god  I give in to this golden malfunction    I memorize the formula for miracles miracles miracles struct {miracles   (errors) (failures_) (f_aults) (bools); (fail); (fail);   break    downs   I let this love happen again and (again); and( again);  (again); again___again & ooh it feels so good right there    air}   I witness where suddenly two things became one: where two lives create one new: as random as calculated: as calculated as:      sacred as: atoms banging     us into incandescence.    we mouth    the reversal of extinguishment. we fuck this union. blooming it. [[[  True ]]]  we beg not for existence or Return to our original Else -  it comes Essentially. we do not borrow music. we break      into         sweats,      unending.     which is to say we break            entirely.         the film armoured on us gets cracked open - and here we are   four leaved      halv  es. absolute complete fractals. microwave clover magic. airwave unbreakable   holy. constant fractions re-assembled and broken a part      of the left behind - found again   my mouth  super glued to y our  transistors’ transcestors’ ancestors’ ancestors’  swimming for us. we collapse effortlessly into in to in two each       other. so      whole. finding our teeth in a cave of hot surrender. we bow to an arithmetic un   mastered even by a SuperComputer or a God      Algorithm. I was full before you and now I am even more full.     dear god    fill  me    I eat a delicious fruit on this delightful bench.  I am my baby’s baby’s baby’s baby’ baby’s baby’s baby baby baby baby mother mother mother mother mother mother-father I am as safe as an equation. Divine Inner Child Baby  I am the unwound sand.  the snow falls perfectly on me in the hot ocean (tub). I am begging for cuddles. Return to bring you closer closer closer closer close; geometric series of close, never quite exactly perfectly of each other    always   slightly off      but I am safely getting almost almost almost                          dear god god god god god        god           my perfect            perfect perfect 


11.


the police hate an empty space, an abandoned gender marker, or a lot of land with no Designated Owner, or a woman with no husband, like the universe hates a vacuum        but this unnamed space, ocean, womb, usually paroled away by border, bridge, rod. pill of language-name-brunt-bruise,     destiny destiny destiny  got overlooked by a whole generation of g l i t c h e s, and in that panopticon      over
                        sight we find each-other looking like gods, or maybe like daddies.                                                                  maybe they want                       us to                                             look like tomb stones but here                                                 we are like all 360 degree compasses looking                              nowhere in particular but always at each                                           other:                       trans-alive-diasporic                                    with an origin and a trajectory.                       their virus             does not become of us  dear god                         god god god                    direction necessarily        unprescribed.                                We came as random as two                                                lines 
                                           intersected.
                           we (re)turned into one single Y  
until they no longer make educational monuments out of our Love [is] stopping reacting to [Love] reaction against a reaction and I no longer appease myself with nothing but false rewards and hunted stances        their virus       BREATH.        A body against a program a body unprogrammed two bodies unprogrammed     I   I I I golden I I I until we: what? Impregnate each other they  hunt each other     , diiiiiiiie hungry  proud of a pitting each other instead of planting our roots our rock bottoming    the necessary bugs   in the uncoded cryptic language of emotional architecture        - rock 
rock bottom
all technology is made of minerals
at the bottom of this rock
we find 
we are just that: nothing but the space holding sediment together
 the 99.9999999999996% empty space in hydrogen
deep underground
     quantum 
        Resolve
Impossibly complete
Innate in its nothingness